Set entity Class based on issue type; fix iteration bug (#49)
JupiterOne/graph-jira: docs/jupiterone-io/graph-jira.md

[1]:
  https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/security-for-other-integrations/
[2]: https://confluence.atlassian.com/cloud/api-tokens-938839638.html

## Pro Tips

In Jira, if you create custom issue types and use one of the following, the

> integration parse them and translate them to the corresponding entity class:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
integration parses and translates them to the corresponding entity class:
```
